You called the office of happiness, do not quit
Hello, hello sir computer
Tell me, tell me where my heart went
I call you at the office of happiness
Because I'm going out at the moment of the Ministry of Crying
Tell me
Do not leave, Office of Happiness
Where is he
We are looking for your little heart
Tell me
All data in the computer
Please
Are programmed
It happened yesterday morning
Before that everything was fine
I was walking down the street
When suddenly he disappeared
I really do not understand why
We got along well with him and me
He left without warning, without saying anything
Hello, hello sir computer
Tell me, tell me where my heart went
I checked, it's not an error
I have a certificate signed by my doctor
Tell me
Do not leave, Office of Happiness
Where is he
We are looking for your little heart
Tell me
All data in the computer
Please
Are programmed
I waited all night
But he was really gone
I must come to my rescue
You are my last resort
I promise to give you
All indices, all data
You really need to help me
Please
Hello, hello sir computer
Do not look especially
I found my heart
It's a boy with a charming smile
Who had won, by the way, by mistake
Tell me
Do not leave, Office of Happiness
Where is he
We are looking for a charming smile
Tell me
All data in the computer
Please
Are programmed
Do not leave, Office of Happiness
We are looking for a charming smile
All data in the computer
Are programmed
Tell me
Do not leave, Office of Happiness
Where is he
We are looking for a charming smile
Tell me
All data in the computer
Please
Are programmed
Tell me
Do not leave office of happiness ...